docs/FeatureConfig.md, before:



# FeatureConfig


## Properties

| Name | Type | Description | Notes |
|------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------|
|**maxVal** | **Float** | corresponding maximum value |  [optional] |
|**minVal** | **Float** | the value that should be considered the minimum value for this feature. This can be set to a value larger than the actual min if you want to treat all value less than that as the same (for instance, to keep a noise spike from having undue influence in the clustering |  [optional] |
|**weight** | **Integer** | corresponding weight |  [optional] |
|**label** | **String** | label associated with feature |  [optional] |
|**submitRule** | [**SubmitRuleEnum**](#SubmitRuleEnum) | policy for submitting sensor fusion vector when this feature is updated. One of \&quot;submit\&quot;, \&quot;nosubmit\&quot; (defaults to \&quot;submit\&quot;) |  [optional] |



## Enum: SubmitRuleEnum

| Name | Value |
|---- | -----|
| SUBMIT | &quot;submit&quot; |
| NOSUBMIT | &quot;nosubmit&quot; |

Commit message:

generate based on v2 yml. do not edit any of the generated files; from now on, we will use a separate AmberClient file that uses the default api but does not edit it

docs/FeatureConfig.md, after:



# FeatureConfig


## Properties

| Name | Type | Description | Notes |
|------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------|
|**id** | **String** | Identifier for this feature. Must be unique with respect to other features in the configuration. Regex: &#x60;^[A-Za-z0-9.:_-]{1,1024}$&#x60;. |  [optional] |
|**minValue** | **Float** | Minimum expected value for this feature. &#x60;minValue&#x60; can be left unset if it is not known at configuration time. In that case, data collected during the &#x60;Buffering&#x60; stage will be used to infer an optimal &#x60;minValue&#x60; during the &#x60;Autotuning&#x60; stage and it will be set to the autotuned value at the start of &#x60;Learning&#x60;. |  [optional] |
|**maxValue** | **Float** | Maximum expected value for this feature. &#x60;maxValue&#x60; can be left unset if it is not known at configuration time. In that case, data collected during the &#x60;Buffering&#x60; stage will be used to infer an optimal value during the &#x60;Autotuning&#x60; stage and it will be set to the autotuned value at the start of &#x60;Learning&#x60;. |  [optional] |
|**weight** | **Integer** | Weight of this feature relative to others, as an integer between 1 and 1000. |  [optional] |
|**fusionRule** | [**FusionRuleEnum**](#FusionRuleEnum) | Inference policy for the fusion vector when using &#x60;PUT /data&#x60;. If &#x60;submit&#x60;, any &#x60;PUT /data&#x60; request that updates this feature will cause the fusion vector to be submitted for inference. If &#x60;nosubmit&#x60;, updates to this feature will not trigger a fusion vector inference. |  [optional] |
|**fusionTTL** | **Integer** | Number of seconds without an update before this feature&#39;s value is considered invalid. |  [optional] |



## Enum: FusionRuleEnum

| Name | Value |
|---- | -----|
| SUBMIT | &quot;submit&quot; |
| NOSUBMIT | &quot;nosubmit&quot; |
